h1. Soonatra!

"Sinatra":http://www.sinatrarb.com/ application to show a "Coming Soon" page and collect emails.

h2. Features
  * "Mailchimp":http://mailchimp.com/ integration
  * Screenshots panel with DOMWindow zoom ( may I suggest collecting early feedback with "Notable":http://notableapp.com/ ?)
  * Features list with icons
  * Displays latest blog posts (from RSS)
  * A/B Testing on all headlines and text
  * Dead simple YAML-based configuration.
  * Theme management with Compass/Blueprint and rake
  * Airbrake (Hoptoad) integration for error reporting (optional)
  * Designed for easy deployment to Heroku

h2. Requires
  * Ruby 1.9
  * Redis

h2. Set up

# @bundle install@
# Configure @config/config.yml@ from the example file
# Run @rake blog:update@ to populate the blog entries from your RSS feed
# Make sure redis is running: @redis-server@ (or use the free plan from http://redistogo.com/)
# @bundle exec shotgun@
# Open "localhost:9393":http://localhost:9393.
# *Admire!*

h2. Usage

* Split tests are set up automatically just by setting multiple variants of the text
in your config.yml file. They all share the same goal, convert visits to signups.

* Visit /split to learn which variations are most successful and pick the winners.

* View @rake -T@ for some useful tasks.

h2. Themes

To create a new theme, use @rake theme:new[theme_name]@. This will create a copy of
the default theme and activate it for you.

To switch between themes, use @rake theme:set[theme_name]@

Support for theme-specific markup is intentionally ommitted to discourage you from wasting
time you should be investing in your new product.

*For all other documentation, refer to config/config.yml.example*

h2. TODO
* The test suite has not been updated

h2. Credits

Written by "Logan Koester":mailto:logan@logankoester.com
Sponsored by "Agora Games":http://agoragames.com
Split testing by Andrew Nesbitt's "split":https://github.com/andrew/split rubygem
Originally based on https://github.com/renderedtext/coming-soon
